=The Crow Princess of Fortune=
=Episode 10=
Your...
Your leg...
After being crippled for three years,
I can finally stand again today.
Mother,
I truly have you to thank for this.
I've remembered every "gift"
you gave me over these past three years.
From now on,
I'll repay them all in full.
And if anyone dares
lay a hand on my daughter again,
they'd better think twice first.
Suisui, let's go.
Wait, Father.
I need to grab something first.
No reason to waste
the emotional damage compensation.
And we can't waste all this food either.
We'll take it back for an extra meal.
Let's go.
I'm furious!
I'm so furious!
Your Highness...
Don't touch me!
Suisui,
thank you.
Why are you thanking me?
I never thought
I'd be able to stand again
in this lifetime.
Thank you for healing my leg.
No need to be so polite with me.
But Father, why does
Consort Shu want to hurt you?
Isn't she your real mother?
In her heart, there's only Xiao Jing.
I used to think
I just wasn't good enough.
I fought desperately to earn merit,
hoping she'd look at me
just one more time.
Three years ago, during the battle
at the northern border,
out of thirty thousand soldiers,
I was the only one who returned alive.
The day I came back to the capital,
everyone in the streets
called me useless,
a jinx.
Then Mother came.
She slapped me across the face
and called me a cursed lone star,
one who brings ruin
to the family and lord.
Father, listen to me.
Those people are blind idiots.
You're not a jinx at all.
You're my father.
As long as I'm here,
no one gets to bully you.
Not even the King of Heaven himself.
Good.
That's more like it.
From now on, Father, just stick with me.
You'll live well and eat well.
But Father,
those poisonous bugs today
weren't ordinary insects.
Whoever raised them
must have powerful backing.
The Imperial Preceptor, Wu Wang.
The one who read my fate back then
was him.
Read your fate?
Who does he think he is?
Father, listen to me.
The only one who can decide
your fate is Heaven.
And Heaven is my grandpa.
So don't worry, Father.
As long as I'm here,
you have nothing to fear.
No matter what evil arts
or dark sorcery it is,
I'll deal with all of it for you.
(Imperial Preceptor, deal
with Xiao Suisui as soon as possible)
I'll make them understand
the price of hurting my son.
(Hmph, Xiao Heng.)
(So what if your leg has healed?)
(In Mother's heart,)
(I'll always be her favorite son.)
♪Little lucky star,
twinkling with a wink at me♪
♪Every Chinese New Year day brings
the luckiest fortune slip♪
♪The God of Wealth favors me,
the Matchmaker ties red strings for me♪
♪With firecrackers going off,
good things keep coming one after another♪
♪Make a wish on the very first day
of the Chinese New Year♪
♪By the second day,
my belly's already round♪
♪Always talking about dieting,
but the chub never disappears♪
♪Good food brings joy
and happiness every single day♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
every year is filled with joy♪
♪I'm bringing blessings to everyone♪
♪Hands clasped together in greeting♪
♪May every family be sweet and happy♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
may everything go your way♪
♪Endlessly flowing♪
♪Good fortune♪